Okay. So now we're going to go over the solution to implement market dispersion.
So,the first question was,
what is the window length that we set for the market dispersion factor?
When you think about it, we want to look at a single data time and
calculate the standard deviation across all the stocks for a single day.
So we actually want to set the window length equal to one,
which means right here,
when we define the mark dispersion class,
we reset the window length equal to one.
Next, we also want to calculate
the average of the returns across all the socks and all the time periods.
So that's just taking the average on the returns.
Then we want to calculate the standard deviation,
so that would be the returns minus the mean returns,
and all of that is going to be squared.
Then you see here,
that we're just going to take the average across again,
all the stocks and all the time periods,
and then finally, that's the variance.
So to get the standard deviation,
we take the square root of n. Okay.
So once you've implemented the market dispersion class,
then you can instantiate it, so market dispersion.
Remember, you want to set the mask equal to I defined universe,
and we also want to calculate
the simple moving average of the dispersion to smooth it out.
So one would be the 20-day moving average 20 trading days is one month.
So looks simple moving average,
you want to set the inputs equal to something,
and we also want to set the window length equal to something.
In this case, the inputs are going to be
the dispersion object that we just instantiate it,
and the window length is going to be 20 trading days.
Similarly, for the six months simple moving average, simple moving average,
the input is going to be the dispersion feature that we just calculated,
and the window length is equal to a 120 trading days, which is six months.
So,once you create those,
you can add those to the pipeline.
All right. Thanks for watching,
and continue on with the lesson. Thanks.